Docs: Update the doc on default hint and execution devices property (#14836)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/auto_device_selection.md

| |                              | | Indicates the priority for a model.                                |
| |                              | | IMPORTANT: This property is not fully supported yet.               |
+--------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| | `ov::execution_devices`      | | Lists the runtime target devices on which the inferences are being |
| |                              | | executed.                                                          |

> | |                              | | Examples of returning results could be `CPU_HELP`, `CPU`, `GPU`,   |

Reviewer: Please add explanation for CPU_HELP situation. 
 
CPU_HELP as output name will be updated. Please follow up.

Author: Added it, please review.

| |                              | | Indicates the priority for a model.                                |
| |                              | | IMPORTANT: This property is not fully supported yet.               |
+--------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| | `ov::execution_devices`      | | Lists the runtime target devices on which the inferences are being |
| |                              | | executed.                                                          |
| |                              | | Examples of returning results could be `CPU_HELP`(`CPU_HELP` is a  |

> | |                              | | temporary device, indicate that CPU as acceleration at the model   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| |                              | | temporary device, indicating that CPU is used for acceleration at the model   |
```

Note that if you choose to exclude CPU from device candidate list, CPU will not be able to support the initial model compilation stage. See more information in [How AUTO Works](#how-auto-works).

### Performance Hints for AUTO
The `ov::hint::performance_mode` property enables you to specify a performance option for AUTO to be more efficient for particular use cases. The default hint for AUTO is `LATENCY`.

> **NOTE**: Currently, the `ov::hint` property is supported by CPU and GPU devices only.

#### LATENCY
This option prioritizes low latency, providing short response time for each inference job. It performs best for tasks where inference is required for a single input image, e.g. a medical analysis of an ultrasound scan image. It also fits the tasks of real-time or nearly real-time applications, such as an industrial robot's response to actions in its environment or obstacle avoidance for autonomous vehicles.

> > **NOTE**: If no performance hint is set explicitly, AUTO will set LATENCY for devices that have not set `ov::device::properties`.

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/pull/14236/files#diff-c4165554e307d3dec493e4115e22b369f59e8cd9aef2f1639b38779d5eff0becR73 @yangwang201911 If NUM_STREAMS is a "AUTO property"?

Reviewer 3: No.

Note that if you choose to exclude CPU from device candidate list, CPU will not be able to support the initial model compilation stage. See more information in [How AUTO Works](#how-auto-works).

### Checking Target Runtime Devices

> The `ov::execution_devices` property enables you to query runtime target devices in the Auto-Device plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To query the runtime target devices while running a model using AUTO, you can use the `ov::execution_devices` property. It must be used with the `get_property` property, for example:
```

Note that if you choose to exclude CPU from device candidate list, CPU will not be able to support the initial model compilation stage. See more information in [How AUTO Works](#how-auto-works).

### Checking Target Runtime Devices

To query the runtime target devices on which the inferences are being executed using AUTO, you can use the `ov::execution_devices` property. It must be used with `get_property`, for example:

@sphinxdirective

.. tab:: C++

   .. code-block:: sh

      ov::Any execution_devices = compiled_model.get_property(ov::execution_devices)

.. tab:: Python

   .. code-block:: sh

>       execution_devices = compiled_model.get_property("EXECUTION_DEVICES")

Reviewer 4: put code snippets to `docs/snippets`

Author: The example code has been moved to `docs/snippets`

@endsphinxdirective

### Performance Hints for AUTO
The `ov::hint::performance_mode` property enables you to specify a performance option for AUTO to be more efficient for particular use cases. The default hint for AUTO is `LATENCY`.

> > **NOTE**: Currently, the `ov::hint` property is supported by CPU and GPU devices only.

Reviewer 4: we don't have ov::hint property, it's a C++ namespace. Do you mean performance mode?

Reviewer 3: @ilya-lavrenov Yes. `ov::hint` property means `ov::hint::performance_mode` property here, I think we need to remove this **NOTE**, what is your opinion?

Reviewer 4: agree

#### LATENCY
This option prioritizes low latency, providing short response time for each inference job. It performs best for tasks where inference is required for a single input image, e.g. a medical analysis of an ultrasound scan image. It also fits the tasks of real-time or nearly real-time applications, such as an industrial robot's response to actions in its environment or obstacle avoidance for autonomous vehicles.

> > **NOTE**: If no performance hint is set explicitly, AUTO will set LATENCY for devices that have not set `ov::device::properties`.

Reviewer 4: not all users understand what `ov::device::properties` means here. Could you please be more specific? E.g. `ov::device::properties(<DEVICE_NAME>, ov::hint::performance_mode(ov::hint::LATENCY))`

Author: Added it, please review.

@endsphinxdirective

> ### Execution Device Priority

Reviewer 2: What's the differences between `ov::execution_devices` and `ov::runtime::Core::get_available_devices()`? This section seems not talking about priorities, but only "query runtime target devices". Should it be put under `#### Checking Available Devices` above?
